a young guyanese miner has reportedly been beheaded in venezuela by members of the ruthless sindicato that imposes its own 
brutal brand of justice in some mineralrich areas. de victim is said fuh be from hosororo, located in region one barimawaini. 
his surname has been given as romascindo, and de killin is believed to have occurred at least a week ago. a graphic video, posted 
online yesterday, begins with shots of de victim, who is gagged and bound, lyin on de ground. a man, wit a huge knife then grabs 
de young miner and saws off he ears. one of the killers, holdin a machete, then repeatedly hacks at de young miners head, as 
he writhes on de ground. one report suggests that the sindicato members may got been incensed after the guyanese miner demanded 
payment for his labour. police sources in f division said that they were not informed about the killing, which occurred in 
venezuelan territory. kaieteur news understands that relatives held a wake at hosororo, but it is unclear wheduh de gang 
has handed over the body fuh de slain mans family. members of de sindicato were also blamed for the executionstyle killin 
of guyanese davinda saywack in october 2017. saywack, a 25yearold dredge owner, went shot dead in he camp in an area called 
mondo, which is reportedly so lawless that even de venezuelan military steers clear of it. de only law is imposed by the sindicato 
syndicate which regulates the number and calibre of firearms that dredge owners should got, collects a tax from them, and 
punishes individuals who refuse to pay or who are troublemakers. it is alleged that de young dredge owner had repeatedly 
caused trouble among oduh miners, and had reportedly ignored warnings fuh behave. the slain mans relatives reportedly 
had to make a request fuh the leaders in order fuh collect his body. miners in de mondo area reportedly pay the sindicato 60 
grammes of gold on the 16th of every month fuh permission to work there. de sindicato ensures that order remains in de backdams. 
the sources blamed members of anoduh faction of the sindicato for de july 2017 slaughter of guyanese miners vernon eudoxie, 
51, cologne solomon, 23, and samuel moses, 19at imataka minin backdam, venezuela. sources alleged that de killings stemmed 
from a clash between de brazilian dredge owner and the sindicato. it is alleged that de brazilian miner was annoyed that the 
gang had taken some of his gold. he had reportedly hired several heavilyarmed security personnel to protect the camp and 
prevent the sindicato from collectin their taxes 